\### Introduction \*\*Flexicore hosts any type of back-end or desktop application while allowing developers to build 100% of their applications from inter injectable and extensible plugins.\*\* Flexicore is provided in two versions, for \[Spring\](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spring\_Framework) and Java EE (\[Wildfly application server\](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WildFly)). ### Flexicore unique plugin system ### The benefits of a plugin system for back-end development \* Like Micro-services, Flexicore is designed to avoid monolithic, difficult to develop, and difficult to maintain systems. \* Unlike Micro-services, Flexicore and defined plugins run in a single process. Flexicore runs in the container process (the application server process, or Spring boot process) Services of plugins can be injected into other plugins. Entities can be extended while defining new entities. This flexibility is not available with Micro-services. \* Yet, Flexicore can be used to develop and better manage micro-services. In such a workflow, the service itself is comprised of multiple plugins. in addition, plugins can be reused in multiple services, for example for accessing a shared database or defining services common to more than one micro-service, depending on the dependency tree, micro-services can be easily changed by moving plugins among micro-services. \* same process plugins-based system provides: \* True single direction dependency (can’t be achieved with Microservices) \* Dependency injection \* Entities inheritance \* Shared database(s) with true dependency isolation  \* Deeper layers never require changes when upper layers are created or modified. \* Generics, core system, and deeper layers serve entities and result sets of upper layers in the correct type without being aware of newly introduced entities and containers. \* Allows developers to focus on their core skills \* Allows independent development stream for each team \* Build only the features your customers need now, add additional plugins, or extend existing ones. \* Keep on the server multiple versions of the same services while migrating to a new version. \* Deploy a different set of plugins matching and evolving customer needs.
